today May 4 Tula gunners will take
ambitious football club krasnodar
against the direct concept is very conditional
mother arsenal Krasnodar will be held on the field
metropolitan stadium locomotive
on neutral ground to arsenal fans
managed to create a homely atmosphere
match club provided fans
buses or central sectors
Eastern Tribunal and the Sky Arena team
At least a thousand people gathered with
red and yellow scarves i started an arsenal
in a businesslike feel that the Gunners
left the desire to give battle to one of
championship leaders on the movement
charge to fight far to
break exceeded southerners scoring
the moment arose at the ninth minute
smoked while on the verge of offside got
sci from depth
came out against dikan who did not get her
corner after 3 minutes Putin again
turned out to be the spotlight on the pitch
popped on the back of the defender and again
turned out to be in shock position this time
Alexander decided to beat the ball without treatment
flew over the crossbar
on the 22nd minute the first blow of the guests was barely
did not turn the voice of Arina housekeeping
punishment didn’t lie
however, the castle and played a barbell after
happiness tried pereira
yes did not hit the target over time
Krasnodar managed to shoot down an offensive
Gunners much fervor thirty-eighth
the minute seems to be a revelation for themselves
bulls as well as with Ari like
for no reason but for osip
otpasoval flies involuntarily made an assist
broad transfer that full
used the gift
01 illogical funny goal did not reflect
character and matches in the first half and 55
minute everything became completely bad in the circuit
lunge black and green doubled the odds
it was hard not to score a backache
wide have a net sent tagliare
whether our list tried to prevent
Brazilian
not so important to play two swords
self-confident Krasnodar was
extremely difficult arsenal did not throw white
63 minute flag zoot responded to
penetrating pass and head almost
ferried the ball to the far corner in one of
episodes fly
rescued Tula after hitting Anderson
from close range under the curtain
Arsenal still could return urine
lost intrigue at eighty
seventh minute granquist stepped on
foot fast small but
penalty you trough could not beat
dikan as opposed to bulls issued
a major victory was struck by the bards
angle 03
beginning motive cherkizov was
supportive for us but ended
all as in the first round a major victory
rival